.. dropdown:: Distribution Statement

 | # # # Distribution Statement A. Approved for public release. Distribution is unlimited.
 | # # #
 | # # # Author:
 | # # # Naval Research Laboratory, Marine Meteorology Division
 | # # #
 | # # # This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
 | # # # the terms of the NRLMMD License included with this program. This program is
 | # # # distributed WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
 | # # # MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the included license
 | # # # for more details. If you did not receive the license, for more information see:
 | # # # https://github.com/U-S-NRL-Marine-Meteorology-Division/

Version 1.12.2a0 (2024-02-12)
*****************************

* Refactor: Clean up optional dependencies throughout the codebase.
* Bug Fix: Replace __file__ arg with loglevel="info"

Refactoring Updates
-------------------

Clean up optional dependencies throughout the code base
-------------------------------------------------------

*From GEOIPS#338: 2023-07-19, Clean up optional dependencies*

Some GeoIPS readers include optional dependency statements that are required to read
certain file formats. While keeping these imports as optional is ok, we should clean up
the manner in which this is implemented. To do so, we've created a separate
geoips.testing.context_manager.py script which can handle optional imports scattered
throughout the GeoIPS codebase. This is essentially replacing our old manner of optional
dependencies with a new method that keeps things clean.

- modified: geoips_clavrx/plugins/modules/readers/clavrx_hdf4.py

Bug Fixes
---------

Replace __file__ arg with loglevel="info"
-----------------------------------------

*Stems From GEOIPS#338: 2023-07-19, Clean up optional dependencies*

The GeoIPS Clavrx Clean up optional dependencies PR accidentally added a legacy call to
import_optional_dependencies (__file__), which was replaced with (loglevel=<log_name>).
These optional dependencies could possibly be used in some tests, and we need to update
the calls to ``import_optional_dependencies`` to use the ``loglevel`` argument rather
than the ``__file__`` arg. This is a small and easy fix and should be merged quickly.

- modified: geoips_clavrx/plugins/modules/readers/clavrx_hdf4.py